He's such an ungrateful bastard.
We even hid bloodstained towels
in our bras to save him.
How could we not be included in those 30?
Yeong-ro, Seol-hui, and I even got naked.
If only I knew he was such an ingrate.
I mean, how could he not release Yeong-ro?
He knows his brother is dead.
Yeong-ro.
How about we talk to Ms. Pi?
I mean, I know she's cold-hearted,
but I doubt she'll just ignore her.
You're right.
And what's one more person to 30?
Right. Pi may have a nasty temper,
but she's quite eloquent.
You guys obviously don't know her well.
Hey. Dream on.
Bun-ok.
Go bring some water.
Hot water.
You.
Stay put.
But Ms. Pi told me to fetch water.
You little…
Don't take long!
Hold on. What's that?
Oh, my.
What's all this?
I knew it.
There's always a silver lining.
What are you doing?
Are you out of your mind?
If you get caught, we'll all die!
Hey, do you think I'm blind or something?
How can I ignore this?
How will they know who took it?
I'll just play dumb.
Darn it.
Of course, they'll know.
Because I'll tell them you took it.
Bun-ok.
How could you say that?
Don't you know
I liked you for your fighting spirit?
Do you take me for a pushover? Damn it.
Damn it. Don't come near me.
Stay away.
Darn it.
I told you!
I told you not to do this.
I told you we'd all die if we were caught!
That wench talked me into it.
She approached me and coaxed me into this!
I didn't.
I really didn't.
That damn bastard.
I'm so sorry.
Sang-beom.
What happened to your face?
Please, sir.